Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Rice cakes for sale.
Grilled potatoes for sale.
‎Rice cakes for sale.
‎Grilled potatoes for sale.
Here is your luggage.
-Okay. What's your name?
-Oh. thank you.
Wouldn't even answer me.
No manners at all.
Black coffee. no sugar. please.
-Thank you.
-Here you are.
Babe. where are you going?
Hey. you dropped something.
Here. let me help.
Thank you.
-Are you all right? I can help.
-I've got it.
How nice of you!
-I was just helping her.
-Help with the laundry in the house.
I'm coming. stop nagging me.
You never listen to me!
Why do you keep running around?
-Shut up. Get out of the house.
-Hopping into a taxi. A minute!
-Here we go again!
-Get out. Don't ever come back here.
Be quiet!
-Why are you crying?
-How can you play like that?
-Stop crying.
-So stupid.
-Why didn't you listen to me?
-So stupid. You always piss me off.
Damn it!
-Damn. that hurts.
-I'm sorry.
That freaking hurt. bitch.
-I didn't mean to.
-Look where you're going.
My gosh!
-How dare you look at me.
-Sorry.
‎You bastard.
-Oh. no. Puppy!
-What's up?
-Where's the puppy?
-Puppy!
-Oh. here it is.
-That fish?
It's okay. it's okay.
Oh. you're okay.
Puppy!
Is it okay?
Thank God he's okay.
Thanks.
A fish named Puppy?
What about the doggy's mommy?
Just leave this here.
-I'll go home first then I'll clean it.
-It's okay. I'll clean it.
-You live up there?
-Ah. right.
-Give them to me.
-I got it.
Thank you.
Right over here.
You got it all?
Thanks.
-I'm here.
-Mai.
-There you are.
-Yeah.
I've been tidying up for you.
You just need to unpack
and everything is ready to live in.
How's everything? Good?
So close to work and in District 1 too.
my price is unbeatable.
I don't have much.
just a few apartments in this building.
The neighbors here are super nice.
If you don't like this one. let me know.
I'll switch you to a different unit.
I don't think you'll need
to switch though.
This is the newest one.
Oh my!
What a terrible job they did!
-Just leave it. it's okay.
-I'm so pissed!
Just leave it. I'll have
my guys come fix it for you.
Open the boxes. I'll help you unpack.
-Okay.
-Come on. open them up.
Here. give that to me.
Give it to me. I'll put it up here.
‎Damn. it was done
‎by the same guys. It's them.
Don't worry. I'll have them
come fix it tomorrow.
-Unpack by yourself. It will be better!
-Okay.
Welcome to the building.
Two months' rent. please.
Okay.
-Thank you.
Any tip?
-Here. have a drink on me.
-Thank you.
Single or married. Mai?
I said are you married?
-I need to unpack.
-Just unpack. I'm just asking.
I can't. actually.
Oh. okay. I'll head out then.
Oh. how much do you make a month?
Okay. okay. Have a good evening!
Good night.
She's a sugar baby for sure.
How do you know?
Cash! It's all cash!
I don't think so.
-She's a whore for sure.
-Really?
Just look at her sleek eyebrows.
That's my experience.
Hey. sis. your eyebrows are the same!
You know what you're saying. bitch?
Such nosy neighbors!
Actually. who is her sugar daddy?
-Watch your child!
-Hurry up. kid.
Tell me. I'm sure you know.
You've been talking to her for so long.
-How would I know?
-Come on. you should've asked.
-She's a new one.
-Of course. another of Duong's girls.
How come he has so many girls?
‎He's too much.
-He picks different girl each day.
-It's normal for him. He's handsome!
BINH MINH
CALLING
Hello. sweetie.
I miss you.
How's the new place? Done unpacking?
Yeah. just finished cleaning too.
-How are the neighbors?
-Can't tell yet.
A little loud though.
It'll take a while to know.
Can I stay with you tonight?
-Please!
-I have work tomorrow.
Come on!
Wrong house?
Delicious body!
Go home.
It's pretty nice here.
Show me around.
Okay. I'll reverse the camera.
I'll call you later.
What's your name?
You haven't told me yet.
Good night.
Hey!
Oh my gosh!
You've only been here for two weeks.
but look at this… Mai. Mai. Mai.
Beginner's luck!
Can you pretend to be a little worse.
so the rest of us can make a living?
You girl.
Where's Mai?
My friend is getting cooked in the sauna.
Oh. we can start on him now.
This is his first time here.
Don't embarrass me.
Don't worry. Trust me. I'm Tu.
It's wet over here. Wipe it down. please.
-Mr. Binh!
-Is Mai available?
She just got booked.
Head to the sauna.
I'll get someone else for you.
You can count on Tu.
Mr. Diep. Mr. Vinh. hello!
Stop looking at your phone.
Take care of them or I'll kill you.
It's good to have so many bookings
as a newcomer.
You are…
This is Trinh. the Golden Hand here.
Hello.
This is Mai. We're from the same hometown.
She's so good.
the Golden Hand at the other branch.
That's why the boss moved her here
to attract more customers.
Work hard so you can be
the Golden Hand here as well.
That'd be so good.
I was out for two weeks because of Covid.
so we're only meeting now.
I see. I'm new. Please support me.
I gotta go now.
-Mai!
-Yes?
Let's trade techniques someday.
Show me your amazing skills.
You're more experienced for sure.
I'll see you around.
Trinh.
Have you recovered?
Learn to think before you speak.
Oh. I gotta go.
-Why did you hit me?
-I didn't mean to.
-The oil…
-It hurts.
Sorry. relax. relax.
I'll continue.
Sorry. baby.
My stomach is a little upset.
Sorry. I didn't mean to.
I'll tip you more.
I think you should go to the restroom.
I can wait.
Give me five minutes then.
Sure.
What's wrong with me?
Turn over. please.
Oh. so you work here.
Why did you avoid me
just to meet me here?
Welcome then. neighbor.
Lay down. please. so I can continue.
Give me your name then.
You'll see my name on the tip paper.
What do you think you're doing?
I'm just pointing at your name tag.
but my name's Duong.
Lay down. Duong. The time's almost up.
What do you mean?
Leaving space for you.
Do you talk to all girls like that?
Not really. Only to pretty girls.
I'll consider that a compliment.
Just tell me where you feel pain
and I'll work on that.
It kinda hurts here.
A chest massage then?
Who'd call it that?
It's a heart massage.
My heart is broken. ah!
So cheeky.
Relax. Bobby. relax.
Are you massaging or fighting me?
Get me someone else.
I'll do something else.
-Something else.
-I've experienced enough.
Get someone else.
How can a massage feel like a fight?
I'll work on your hand.
What?
You're beautiful.
I know.
This hand needs some special treatment.
Ouch. ouch. that hurts.
It's okay. it'll feel good later.
Can we get to the good bit
and skip this pain bit?
My upper body is a little sensitive.
Can you move lower?
Oh. oh. I'm there. I'm there.
What now?
My feet got injured
from carrying the suitcases.
-Why didn't you tell me?
-I can only tell when you press on them.
I'll wrap up then.
I didn't mean for you to go that low.
Go a little higher.
You know what I mean?
Got it.
What are you doing?
You told me to move higher.
Is this high enough?
Are you trying to play dumb?
Hey there.
we give therapeutic massages here.
If you're expecting something else.
go somewhere else.
Show some respect.
I'm sorry.
-Let's call it for today.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-I'm really sorry.
You seem nice.
so I took it a little too far.
Please forgive me.
-It's okay.
-Hey.
We're neighbors after all.
and somehow. I get injured
every time I see you.
Are you going to make it up to me?
Sure.
SERVICE EVALUATION FORM
TIP: 0
No tip this time.
But if you like my service. please give me
a five-star rating. Thank you very much.
Hope to see you again.
Satisfied?
How was your first time here?
Mai's not bad. huh?
-What are you doing?
-Cooling you down.
Actually. you're heating me up.
Please don't. Let's cool down
with some hot ginger tea.
Not bad.
She's untouchable.
No one can hit on her.
She's just a massage girl.
Well. you can try. but she'll
hit you back. I learned that the hard way.
That's you.
Duong.
I know you're a lady killer.
but if you can get with her.
I'll call you daddy.
Hello. dear son.
I know you love coff--
Mai. it's me.
It's me.
It's me again.
Hey. miss neighbor. going for breakfast?
I got this for you.
-Breakfast?
-Thanks. I'm meeting someone.
Don't worry.
It's my place. I'll take care of you.
Ms. Lucy! Why didn't you call me first?
Get her a table. idiots!
‎Oh my God!
Stop with the moaning
or they'll think I'm doing things to you.
-I hate your moaning.
-I just can't help it!
Up to you.
My gosh. I'm sorry!
-For you this week. bro.
-Okay.
-Some extra tip for you.
-Thank you.
-See you!
How can you sleep
after drinking coffee this late?
Wanna have a chat?
No. I need to rest.
It wasn't me.
No. I just want to assure her.
Who cares?
Lemme know if the neighbors bully you.
Ready to go down?
Can you check my back?
Need some special treatment again?
Naughty hand!
-Hands on your shoulders.
-Here?
That's right.
-Bend your legs.
-Legs are bent.
-What are you doing?
-I'm doing what you tell me to.
Come on!
Stop leaving trash in front of my house.
It wasn't me. Someone put it here.
I'm just tidying it up.
-No. it was you. Mommy.
-Hey. don't say that.
She doesn't know what she's saying.
It's only a few steps
from the designated area.
We're all adults here.
What a big misunderstanding!
It's not because I don't want to pay
for trash that I put them here. I just…
What's going on?
She thinks I leave trash in front
of her house to avoid paying for it.
How could you?
And stop letting your dog poop
in front of my house as well.
Hey. did you see it?
Don't accuse me if you didn't see it.
You're the only one with a dog
on this floor.
That's right.
Hey. bitch. I'm not
the only one with a dog.
There are lots of dogs on lots of floors.
You think they'd climb the stairs
just to poop?
So what do you mean?
You wanna cause trouble?
It's her who has been trouble
from the start.
You scared me.
There's been trouble
ever since she moved here.
Let me tell you.
She said my dog poops in front
of her house even though she never saw it.
It's not only about your dog.
She even seduces my husband.
-Isn't that scary?
-Fine. fine.
-It's my fault. I'm sorry.
-Obviously.
I'll just clean it.
She apologized. Let's go.
-Ten year time is not that long.
-I could lose my husband in a year.
-Did you hear what she said?
-We're all neighbors after all.
These dogs…
Hey. who's the dog?
That's me.
The dog is here.
Calm down.
Coming. Almost there.
She called for me.
I'm the dog.
Ms. Nga.
You're much prettier than a dog.
Go on your way. sis Phung. You're so nosy.
I'm not free. I have stuff to do.
-It's a good thing you're handsome.
-Got it.
Go on home.
I'm not going home.
I've gotta go get food.
Damn you.
Home time. Let's go kid.
-It wasn't me.
-She's starving.
-Tell her.
-Okay.
-It wasn't me.
-You're a good person.
Tell her.
Why do you need to tell her?
Just let her be.
I'll clean it later.
-It's okay.
-Just leave it. I'll clean it.
Come on.
The hunter just saved the sheep
from the wolves.
He deserves a drink inside.
Hey. I'm late for work.
I'm grateful. but I don't have time
for any drink.
-Hey. miss neighbor.
-What?
A new fish tank.
Kitty.
Puppy needs a f…
friend.
Take them.
Please.
Pretty doggy mommy.
Kitty really wants to meet Puppy.
Kitty's lonely. Kitty is Puppy's ex…
Fine. fine.
Thank you.
What a silly story!
You have to let me take you to work.
I just helped you.
You can't say no.
Thank you.
Please give me a five-star rating.
Ut. here's your banh mi.
Thank you. Oh. here you go.
Civet coffee. I brewed it myself.
Five bucks a kilo. I'm not sure it's
the real deal since it was that cheap.
I don't think it is then.
Still tastes good though.
I'll head in then.
Hey. Mai!
Oh! Dao!
How could you move here
without telling me?
Not yet. I'm talking.
Not yet. I'm fixing my make up.
Hang on! Not yet!
I've been swamped ever since I moved here.
I'm sorry.
I thought you forgot about me.
You're the only one who can satisfy me.
I can live without men.
but I can't live without you.
How is it here?
It's not bad. People like me here.
Mai. you bitch!
Now. I'm sure
you're trying to ruin my life.
Hey. Diem.
is it your turn?
Still no.
I get bumped every time
it gets to my turn.
Mai is taking all the slots.
Mai. come work for me.
-For real?
-Of course.
None of my relatives can help my business.
I trust you.
Okay?
It's tempting but nah.
Why?
You're the only friend
I have here in Saigon.
And when money's involved.
it gets complicated.
Just let me be
your little sister.
Stop chatting.
Remember to turn off the lights
when you leave.
I got yelled at for three days straight.
Hey. Tu. how can Mai cut
in front of everyone?
She's not.
She's being requested by clients.
Get requested… then I'll bump you up.
Tu. I'm old. I can't compete with her.
She's sneaky.
-That's the rule.
-Tu!
I forgot to give you a gift
on your birthday.
-Don't do that.
-Here.
Don't do that.
No.
Step back. fatty!
You're taking up too much space!
Hey. find a rich shoulder to lean on.
You know all about me.
and you still say that?
I don't have any feelings for men.
Okay. I see.
A client is hitting on me.
He thinks he's so fine.
But is he?
-Kinda.
-Get him then.
You're fine. he's fine. a perfect match!
Go ahead!
-How am I fine?
-Right here.
-Are they real?
-Real foam.
Foam but real?
-These are the real deal.
-Hey. there!
So naughty!
How's Binh Minh?
She's been so needy lately.
wanting to get a job.
so people don't call her a freeloader.
How sweet!
Let her help.
She's your man.
-It's hard to do everything by yourself.
-I know. I know.
Trinh!
What's going on?
Diem…
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
What are we thinking?
I hate Mai so much.
I…
Why didn't you let me know
you've moved to Go Vap?
Nam…
Are you hiding from me?
‎No. sir.
It hurts.
You're hurting me!
Let's talk. It hurts so much.
Damn…
I'm trying to make money.
How?
Mai will pay it.
-Mai will pay?
-Yes. of course.
You should have told me earlier.
If not. I would have thought
you're on the run.
Got it?
-I'm heading out.
-Okay.
Bye. Lanh.
What did you look at me for
when I was working?
I know you know.
Know what?
Don't do that here.
Let me see you out.
This job is scandalous enough.
I don't want people to think
everyone is like you.
Everyone needs this job to survive.
So everyone needs this job to survive.
but I don't?
I hate bitches that preach moral lessons.
You take all the clients from me
and then talk down to me?
You're amazing. Mai.
I need the job. not the drama.
Now. tell me…
How much do they have to pay
for you to open your mouth?
What do you want?
Trinh!
Is that your bike downstairs?
Yeah.
Yeah. that would be mine.
Why did you leave it there?
I was late and in a rush.
Move it then. It caught me off guard.
-I'll head out soon.
-Okay.
I really did want to hit you.
-Bye.
-Okay.
What was she doing to you?
-It's okay.
-Let me know right away.
-Sure.
-I've been watching her.
ARE YOU HOME YET? WANT SOME FOOD?
I'M HOME BUT TIRED. G9.
HEY! HANG ON! I WANNA…
BINH MINH
Be careful!
What are you doing down there?
I was holding the chair for you.
It's dangerous for a girl
to climb that high up.
The wire is just a little loose.
Go get some tape.
I'll fix it for you.
-Oh. okay.
-Yeah. go get it.
Hey. what are you doing?
I like you.
I'll scream.
Don't.
I know what you do.
How much? Tell me.
You pervert!
Hey. stay away from me!
Don't scream. Listen to me.
Stay away!
Don't run.
-Calm down.
-What is it?
-What's wrong?
-He's harassing me.
Calm down. Let's talk this out.
It's not what you're thinking. Hey!
Ouch!
I got hit. You need
to protect me. Officer.
-Did you break in to her house?
-Answer.
Hey. you punched me in the face.
Don't talk to me like that.
Officer. look at him.
I ask again. did you break into her house?
I know it. but I was hit. Officer.
The two of them planned to harm me…
They asked if you broke in to her house!
I know it. but I was hit.
Why don't you ask him instead of me?
Last time. did you break in to her house?
I know. but it hurts so bad.
So no one cares about me?
So you wanna fight again?
‎Stop it!
-He's attacking my husband!
-Calm down! Stop!
Stop! Calm down! Calm down!
-He hit me!
-I got it! Got it!
My gosh!
GIAI KY NOODLES
If you hadn't stopped me. that would
have been the last time he could talk.
Okay. okay. my hero!
Have a seat.
How could you find a place this late?
You like it?
I'm better than Google Maps.
Obviously. you've taken enough girls out
to know places.
It's a miracle I go out with you
at this hour.
No one talks
to their benefactor like that.
Fine. okay. thank you so much.
Isn't that sweet?
You can call me "Sau" (worm) from now on.
What? Sau?
That's right. my nickname at home.
That's a weird name.
Let's order.
They have amazing rice noodles.
-Hey.
-Yes?
-Two special dry noodles.
-Okay.
-Serve her well. She's my boss.
-Got it.
How can you talk like that?
He's just a worker. same like us.
Can you add "please"
at the end of the sentence. please?
-Hey.
-Yes?
Two bowls of dry noodles… please!
-Got it.
-Thank you.
How's that?
How old are you to be so serious?
How old are you to ask me such a question?
I know I look young.
but I'm turning 30 this year.
You have no idea
what a "young" person looks like.
What about you?
Oh. I'm only seven years… older than you.
37.
With that face?
I'll take that as another compliment.
I know you're kidding.
Do I look like I am?
Show some respect for your elders.
How can I call you an elder
when I'm having a crush on you?
That's gonna lead us nowhere.
We'd better keep things the same.
-Thank you.
-Do you have coffee?
-We do.
One black coffee. no sugar. please.
Sure. just a moment.
Why would you drink that?
How can you sleep?
It's just my habit. I can sleep just fine.
That's how the miserables look like.
Your life would be better with me in it.
Sure. let's eat.
Thank you.
Do I look like a hooker?
What now?
Why does everyone think I'm a dirty girl?
I wouldn't hit on a dirty girl.
I'm not kidding.
Neither am I.
Why did you get handsy
when you first met me?
I was handsy because you're pretty.
not because you're dirty.
Fine.
I admit that I was a bad person.
I wasn't polite enough. I'm sorry.
You can see I stopped being handsy.
You'd better stay that way.
I will.
-Why don't you pick up your mom's call?
-How do you know?
It's a privilege to have a family
who cares about you.
-What if it's something urgent?
-Okay. okay.
-Yes. MaMi?
-Are you ever gonna come home?
What do you mean?
Ever since you moved out.
you've forgotten all about us.
-I know. I know.
-Come on. stop.
-I'll make some time to come home.
-Nah. do what you want.
I'm angry now.
‎Oh God!
MaMi said she misses me
and told me to bring my girlfriend around.
You don't look like
the love-your-mom type.
You're judging me.
What does a love-your-mom face look like?
Don't expect people not to judge you
when you're judging people.
Don't give me that smile.
Go on another ride with me instead.
Learn how to pay your benefactor back.
Nah. it's late.
I'm tired.
-Tomorrow.
-Tomorrow again?
I know the name "Mai" means tomorrow.
but I'll have your mom
change it to "okay" if I meet her.
Don't freaking lie!
Did she lure you in.
or did you go in by yourself?
Of course. she lured me in.
I'm a married man.
Cuong. you tell her. please.
I think she's right.
-What can we do now?
-Wanna do me?
Watch your mouth. Lose that tone.
-You hit me. asshole! Remember my face!
-What?
-What do you want?
-Let go of me!
-You think I'm scared?
-Stop!
Let him go.
I wanna see what he's gonna do.
You talk a big talk for your size.
Another one.
Are you okay?
Don't underestimate me.
I'm a good drinker.
It's just that I quit drinking
a long time ago.
So open your eyes wide if you can.
Keep them there.
It's really cute here.
I'm starting to like the bartender.
so try to be more professional.
Who told you I'm a bartender?
It's nice!
I work here. not over there.
Here?
That was great.
"The Autumn Clouds." right?
How did you know?
My mom used to listen
to Tu Cong Phung's songs.
Nice. I didn't think you'd know this song.
You're judging me now.
A masseuse can't listen to music?
I meant only older people
like these songs.
You're judging me again.
You're calling me old?
Come on! I mean why would
someone your age listen to these songs.
meaning you have good taste. young lady.
Fine.
Keep playing. brother.
-Cheers!
-Cheers! Damn. you drink a lot!
I told you I'm a good drinker.
What an alcoholic!
-Play more songs.
-I'm out of songs.
Of course. you have more.
Do something interesting!
Hang on!
Milady!
Are you crazy?
Milady.
Would you care for a dance?
Nah. I don't dance.
Are you lying?
You're crazy! I can't dance.
You're old now. You'll get a belly
if you don't exercise.
How dare you say that to a pretty woman!
-So can I dance with you as an apology?
-I told you I can't dance.
If you don't dance.
I'll take you to see the noodle man.
You're insane!
What?
‎Perfect couple!
What a nice couple you are!
You're so pretty. Mai!
Kiss! Kiss!
‎Lady!
Ew!
I'm done. so tired.
-Get up! It's not over yet!
-I'm old. Leave me alone.
Are you okay?
Can you still work?
Here comes the yawn.
I'm fine.
Hey!
Binh Minh!
What's wrong?
Why didn't you call me?
I did. You didn't pick up.
-Were you drinking?
-Just a little bit.
Who's this?
Binh Minh. my daughter…
my biological daughter.
Sorry.
Mai. I need to talk to you.
-Good morning. sir.
-All right.
Too much information for one day. right?
Go home if you want to have
a family meeting.
Clear the way!
No need to be that aggressive.
You're ruining my morning. Move. Go away.
Do you want me to call the Officer?
‎Come on. let's go!
I will. I will.
Again?
How many times have you promised to stop?
Stop driving me insane.
How dare she treat her dad like that!
She looks ungrateful.
Shut up and listen.
Look at this.
How much in total already?
You were working so hard.
My friends said Barcelona was doing well.
I didn't think I'd lose that much.
I wouldn't be reaching out
if it wasn't dangerous.
They're…
They're threatening Binh Minh.
Why can't you quit gambling?
-You're not in it. You wouldn't know.
-Who can actually know?
Why do you keep…
Why do you keep doing this to me?
I know I'm wrong.
Please help me this time.
-Please.
-How much?
Around $2.500 dollars.
Otherwise. they're…
It's fine if you don't want to.
Drink some water.
Stop acting.
Take the money.
I'm sorry.
Some water?
-I swear…
-Don't "I swear" to me.
One more time and you're dead to me.
Aunties. please make way.
Why are you crowding
outside her house? Let's move.
I'm moving. can't you see?
Dismissed.
Give me the keys. I'll head out first.
Talk to your mom. She's mad at me.
Drink this for the hangover.
I know you're tired.
I called you so many times yesterday.
They were aggressive.
Did they do anything to you?
Not yet. but I'm not sure about later.
But I think he'll quit for real this time.
It was intense.
Come live with me. Leave him.
Get a boyfriend then I'll come.
Again with this boyfriend thing…
Why did I stay with him
and let you move out then?
No one would hit on you
if I kept tagging along.
You like the tall dude?
Nah. he's just a neighbor.
You pulled an all-nighter with a neighbor?
I didn't.
You don't have to deny it.
I like you.
I love you.
We only need one lesbian in the house.
Get a boyfriend.
Why did you grow up so fast?
Because you don't want to be happy.
Stop abusing yourself.
Thank you. honey.
‎Robber!
‎Take a deep breath.
‎Come on! Keep trying.
Ouch. I'm bleeding. Mai.
What are you doing?
My baby is crying. I'm sorry.
I'll just go somewhere else.
Miss…
Just take care of your child.
I can get right back to it.
Hang on. stop crying. I'm trying.
I said I know. Why are you still crying?
What else do you want?
Sis! Sis!
-What's wrong?
-My baby has a fever.
-Please take us to the hospital.
-Go get the keys.
What happened? Are you okay?
Why do you keep hitting my child?
Mai. tell her to stay away from my kid.
-Go home. sweetie!
-It's just kids playing around. I'm sorry.
It's okay. baby. it's okay.
Let me see. baby.
Mai!
They seized my house. Can I live with you?
Don't be mad.
That's your daughter?
Just a moment. She should be here soon.
Why did you bring her?
I'm in the wrong room. Excuse me.
Let's go.
Please wait here. Mai! Mai!
Binh Minh!
Here. come dust this blanket for me.
Mom?
Why do we need to dust a clean blanket?
Even the cleanest blanket is dusty.
Help me. please.
I think I look like her more than you do.
You get to work now. happy?
I don't even know what to say.
-Stop with the thanking.
-I…
I'm helping my niece. not you.
Just let her get some experience
working part-time here.
then she can go wherever
when she gets a full-time job.
I'd have to hire someone either way.
-Here's your bill.
-What is this?
-I have to pay for my coffee.
-Okay. pay away.
-Thank you.
Where's the tip?
Nope. only one of us can get tips.
Pulling rank here?
Here. this is for you.
-What is this?
-Girls need a little bling to get a boy.
You dress like my mom.
-It's expensive. I don't want it.
-It's silver. It doesn't cost much.
Silver? Can I get a ring too then?
-It's white gold!
-See. such a simple test.
It's not much at all. Just wear it--
Thank you. Boss. for giving me
this nice job. I'll do my best.
Oh. hey. leave the bike there.
Go ahead. Head inside.
Give me your bike.
Go inside.
-Hey. hey!
-What?
Let me get the door for you.
-It's automatic.
-Oh. is that so?
So modern!
-Work hard. okay?
-This way!
Safe travels!
-Let me close the door.
-It's automatic.
Oh. yeah. I forgot.
That's nice.
How's your boyfriend?
He saw my kid and disappeared.
Asshole. Is he ghosting you?
-No. I'm ghosting him.
-What the heck?
-Why are you ghosting him?
-I saw the pause. I know what that means.
Hey. Mai. don't take it too seriously.
He's young and free.
A child came out of nowhere.
Of course. he's gonna pause.
Give him time to process that.
You have a child. You have the underhand.
Try to understand.
I tried to understand.
She's just eight years older than me.
I think that's normal nowadays.
As long as she's still hot.
But she has an add-on.
You're insane.
Nope! You're in love.
-Who said?
-Your eyes.
-Don't hide things from me.
-I'm not.
Yes. I am!
-I'm serious this time.
-This is chaos!
Lady killer. young. 6-pack owner
versus a babysitter.
used. and eight years older.
-So what?
-So fall in love.
But he's too young. not the mature kind.
Don't find a mature guy to love.
Just love him and he'll mature.
She's mature.
and you're definitely hooked.
She's just fishing.
-You just got hooked.
-She's not like that.
-What is she like then?
-Then he'll find you.
Trust me.
Of course. I trust you.
Jerk!
I haven't seen you in a while.
You look handsome today.
Have you booked anyone?
Can I work on you?
He'll look for you. believe me.
Just give him a chance.
Drop your ego.
Not yet. I'm coming.
I'll head out then.
Bye!
Remember…
Hurry up!
I'm coming.
I got it. I guarantee you'll be satisfied.
Book Mai for me.
She's busy today.
-I can wait.
-Can you wait three or four rounds?
"Diem" is here for you.
Let me serve you.
Thank you.
-I'll head out then.
-Okay.
You wanna break the rules?
Watch out!
Okay. fine.
-All the clients are Mai's.
-Thank you. sir. Come back soon.
You think you can out-slut her
to take on her clients?
Really?
I don't think so. I think she's clean.
She's not like that.
You're from the same hometown?
Do you know why she's busy and you're not?
It's because you don't have any tricks.
-Have a good night.
-Thank you. Mai. This is for you.
-You already tipped me.
-It's so late. Just take it.
Thank you so much.
-Take care of this for me. please.
-Sure.
-Thank you.
-I'm heading out.
Me too. You were my last client.
‎Huh?
Who locked the door?
Hey!
Anyone there?
Who locked it?
-Trinh. is this okay?
-Open up!
Have you ever seen anyone die
from being locked in a bathroom?
She took late clients
because she likes the dark.
-Let's help her.
-Anyone?
Tu!
Tu said to turn off the lights.
Uncle Ut!
Hey. who's that? Open up!
Is anyone out there?
Anyone?
SAU DAM
CALLING
SAU DAM - 1 MISSED CALL
BINH MINH - 3 MISSED CALLS
Mai?
-Mai?
-Uncle Ut!
-I'm in here.
-Where?
Those two are unbelievable.
Do you want me to tell the management?
No…
I don't want this to blow up.
I'm okay.
How did you know I was still here?
You didn't say goodbye.
so I came looking for you.
Thank you.
Try to avoid them.
They're mean.
Tell me if you need anything.
It would be good to have
a father like you.
Is it not good now?
Sleep well. daughter.
Good night.
You still up?
Yeah.
Hey. it's your girl!
Is she turning you on?
-I heard she's a hooker.
-Really?
What? You're not answering.
Why are people so mean to me?
I didn't do anything.
Why do they want to cause trouble?
Of course. you didn't do anything.
That's enough.
Now. you're trying to cause trouble?
This is hard liquor.
-That's why I'm drin--
-Stop.
Why do you like me?
Why are you avoiding me?
I'm not.
I'm asking you to be my drinking buddy.
Cheers!
You look funny when you're drunk.
Remember that night at the bar?
I haven't had that much fun in a while.
Why can't we still enjoy and have fun?
Because of your eyes.
My eyes?
They can't hide your emotions.
What emotions?
When you saw my daughter.
my dad.
if I could.
I wish I could have turned into a mirror.
so you could have seen
how your face looked like then.
Okay. to be honest.
I paused
because I didn't think she'd be that big.
I meant your daughter.
I didn't think you'd have
that old of a child.
I thought about it a lot that night.
"It's just her child.
So what?
I've been with many girls.
so it's normal for her to have a child."
If your child was a toddler.
I admit I can't imagine
how I'd raise her with you.
Luckily. she's all grown up.
Let's just say I have a new friend.
It's easy to take care of a friend.
I love friends.
Every age has its difficulties.
It's not as simple as you think.
Can you please let me be responsible
for taking care of you two?
And stop shutting it down.
You're okay with me.
but your family won't be.
Right? I've experienced it before.
There's your excuse.
So what do you want from me?
To be your boyfriend.
I know I'm a stubborn kid.
I always think about myself.
My mom always took care of me.
Since we're rich.
she wants me to do things her way.
But I hate that.
I want my own life.
I like to nurture my emotions.
Girls follow me.
Everything seems so easy.
That's why I took them for granted.
Stop that! Bad guy!
I'm not denying it.
I know I'm bad.
But that was before I met you.
You've changed me.
Since meeting you.
I want to have a serious relationship.
and I really want to care for someone.
Don't love me.
My past is bad.
Don't give me hope.
‎Oh my Mai!
‎Let's go!
‎Watch out!
‎Come on. Sau!
‎Just get upstairs first.
‎Just go.
‎I'm drunk.
You okay?
Want someone to sleep with?
Mai!
Will we meet again?
It's okay.
It's fine.
You're a good guy.
-I appreciate it.
-This is dirty now.
Bye!
QUYNH FABRIC MARKET
BLOCK CONTACT
TRAN DISTRICT 3
CANDY
BLOCK CONTACT
UNINSTALL APP
Are you okay?
Were you disgusted by the vomit?
No.
Good.
Mai…
Forget the past.
Wanna make a bet?
If I fail.
I'll be your recent past.
If I succeed.
we will be each others' new tomorrows.
Would you dare…
to fall in love?
Don't…
I'm ugly.
We don't have to.
It's okay. it's okay.
You're okay.
-You're okay.
-No. I want this.
Here.
From a fight when I was young.
This one.
got attacked while hitting
on a girl at the bar.
Everyone has a scar from the past.
In my eyes right now.
you're beautiful.
Hey!
Where are you going?
What are you doing?
Listen. bro.
I was so drunk last night.
so I was… a bit much.
But I have to admit that…
I like you just a little bit.
However. I clearly am aware
of my background…
No time for jokes.
So you don't have to take
any responsibility for that.
Just consider it letting me
be naughty for one night.
Are you dumping me?
You can't do this to me.
Do you know the impact last night is gonna
have on me for the rest of my life?
-What impact?
-Huge.
You're my girlfriend now.
Be responsible for my life. please.
Don't treat me like a one-night stand.
We're both adults.
Be mature.
-I mean…
-Stop shutting it down.
Let's have breakfast.
-What breakfast…
-Breakfast or me?
Stop saying things like that.
There. she said hi to us. I heard it.
-They're dating.
-I knew it.
-Are they?
-Of course. they are.
Trust me.
Can't you see? They're leaving together.
See?
You guys are too damn nosy.
Mind your own business.
Just let them be a freaking couple!
We'll talk again later.
-He's trying to be her hero.
-What a show-off!
Good job. buddy.
You guys look fucking great together!
How do you feel?
Not bad.
Is this enough force for you?
Go home.
-Stop that. Sau!
-Hey--
Everything's sorted. Let's get in.
No way. get out!
All clear! Go!
Morning. Ms. Nga.
Nga. can you see
Duong just left from Mai's home?
I'm not blind.
Go downstairs and get my dress!
-You're so scary!
-No. you're so nosy!
Someone sent you this keyboard.
FOR BINH MINH. FROM DUONG.
HAVE FUN…
Braised fish by Duong!
Try it!
-It stinks.
-Here's a shrimp.
It's good. it's good.
Braised fish naturally stinks.
-You're cheating.
-You're too good.
How can anyone beat you. bro?
IT'S HARD TO MEET IN THIS CROWDED WORLD.
ONCE YOU'VE COME. PLEASE STAY.
I'm not ready yet.
Everything is moving so fast.
It's like you're introducing me.
Who said she can't see the future
when dating me?
Now. I'm taking you into the future.
and you're starting to shut it down again?
-Are you serious?
-Guess.
-Really?
-Absolutely.
Is this your house or a rental?
How can it be that big?
How can I go in dressed like this?
Your makeup is a bit all over the place.
Really?
I thought so too.
I paid 20 bucks for this shit.
I told her to fix it. but she didn't
have time. Now. I have to fix it for sure.
There's no time. babe.
Should I take the falsies off then?
That would make it worse.
Are you mocking me?
You're cute.
That attitude says it's not cute!
-Tell the truth.
-Trust me.
Tell me!
You are cute.
Now. this bouquet is ugly too.
-Where did you get it from?
-The makeup lady again--
Sir. she's mad at you.
Choose your words carefully.
Good evening.
Nah. don't even kiss me.
How can a son leave for that long
without visiting his parents?
-No. no. thank you.
-Love you.
-Who is this?
-Good evening.
-My girl.
-Oh.
I brought these flowers for you.
Happy birthday.
You didn't have to.
Anyone?
-Here I am.
-Take these flowers away for me.
Have a seat.
These are all my friends.
-Good evening. everyone.
-Hi.
-What's your name?
-My name's Mai.
You're the one and only.
There's never been another one.
He has never brought anyone home before.
What's your job?
-I am…
-She provides physiotherapy.
I'm a masseuse.
What?
I give massages.
A masseuse?
How old are you?
I'm 37.
What?
A masseuse…
and it's late to not have a family at 37.
I have a daughter.
What?
A masseuse.
37.
one child.
Anything else?
Let's stop with the questions and eat.
-Let me talk to her.
-Let's eat.
Where do you work?
Ima Koko in District 3.
-The one I keep wanting to take you to.
-Oh?
-Really?
-Of course.
I thought you forgot all about me.
-How could I?
-Why are you so skinny?
I've been on a diet.
-Taking the day off today?
-Yeah.
Huh?
You know each other?
I'm a VIP client.
She has worked on me for a while.
Huh? You two got the same masseuse?
-That's great!
-Hey!
Stop teasing me!
Why do I never see you there?
We're probably in different areas.
Plus. you probably have tunnel vision
when you go in there.
Sorry for coming down late.
-Let's cheers!
-Huh?
What day is it today that
no one is congratulating me?
She's my aunt. Mom's sister.
She raised me. and her name is Mi.
so I call her MaMi.
Oh. and--
I'm Sau's mom.
Cheers. everyone!
Sister!
-Let's get drunk.
-Oh. okay.
-Drink with me.
-One. two. three. cheers!
Happy birthday. sis!
Let's sing! 2.3. go!
Cheers!
Come on girl. cheers!
In the name of the Father.
the Son. and the Holy Spirit. Amen.
Did you wait for long?
Gosh.
I don't know how to treat you now.
Are you my sister or my son's girl?
Let's go with sisters.
You wanted to meet me here because
you don't believe what I'm gonna say?
No. I'm afraid you won't believe
what I'm gonna say.
You guys started dating
since you confided in me?
Does he love you?
Do you love him?
Oops!
So impolite.
We had the same masseuse for months.
and neither of us knew.
Let's talk.
Don't think I'm meeting you to stop you.
I'm open.
Keep falling in love.
It's love…
No one can stop it.
But let's think it over.
I'm talking to you as your sister.
not Duong's mother.
I'm a single mom.
I understand everything that
a single mom goes through.
In front of God here. I'll be honest.
I always wanted you to have
a nice. decent. and wealthy man
who could take care of you.
I just never thought it would be my son.
Do you know why I call him Sau (worm)?
Because to me.
he always lives in his cocoon.
He's 29 and is still spending
his mommy's money.
He's a worm at home.
but outside. he's a free butterfly
with his love life.
moving from one flower to another.
You don't think you're suffering enough?
Your shoulders…
carrying your father.
Binh Minh.
all the clients at work…
Now. you want to carry
my irresponsible son?
Are you a weightlifter?
I've learned through my years
that life is unfair.
Men can mess up dozens of times.
They can still restart
their lives at 60. 70 years old.
As for you.
if you mess up again at this age.
that will be the end of it.
Do you remember the reason
you didn't want to work for me?
You said friendships suffer
when money is involved.
Then let me ask you.
if one day.
my son breaks your heart.
how could I ever look at you again?
‎Huh?
Do you…
Do you understand what I'm saying?
-I mean…
-Sis…
I got it.
-Here. let me…
-Hey. hey!
-Mai!
-Let me return this necklace to you.
This was my gift for you.
-No. I'm not taking it back. I'm sad. Mai.
-No. no.
-Mai!
-Please take it back.
Just like you said.
I'm a mother as well.
I understand.
Don't worry.
I know what I have to do.
Don't say what you "have to" do.
I hope you can realize
what you "should" do.
You're doing this for yourself.
not for me.
I see.
-Please take this back though.
-Mai!
It's mine.
What?
Hello?
-You'll scare the customers away.
-Don't worry.
-What is it?
-Calm down. we'll just talk.
Mom.
He's done it again. They're fussing now.
I'm not fussing.
Again?
And this is Mai?
Is she?
Let's go outside--
How much does he owe you?
I'll settle it outside.
This is my friend's place. Don't do this.
She asked how much. Answer.
Don't be so silent.
-Talk.
-How much?
-Twenty-one.
-What?
21.000?
Well. it's certainly not 20 bucks.
Are you kidding me?
What now?
What a quiet place!
-Can we please solve this outside?
-Fine.
Here.
Take $2.100 as a deposit.
Call me and I'll settle the rest.
Why didn't you tell me you have a sponsor?
Boss!
-Please help me settle this.
-I'm not new to this.
-Leave.
-Got it.
Nice coffee!
Make way for me.
I thought you were the shit.
Turns out your boss is much better.
Stop running away from me.
What?
Why are you so late?
I'll take care of your father's situation.
Go home.
How can you fall in love
with such a troublesome family?
No. no. this money…
I'll pay you back.
Dad. let's go home and talk this out.
Minh. help me clean this up.
Dad! Let's go.
-Mai.
-Thank you.
Clean this up for me.
I'm sorry.
Two taels of gold
and $10.000.
that's all that I have.
Take them all.
-Listen to…
-Take them.
Take them all and keep on gambling.
It's not that. Listen to me.
Don't ever come back into my life again.
That was harsh.
And all the things you've done
to my life are not?
You don't use your head to think.
How can you be this cruel to me?
I thought every time I paid your debt.
you'd stop out of love for me.
But there's no limit to you.
I just really want to help you.
Take this.
-Take all of this.
-Listen…
I'm begging you. leave me alone.
I can't take this anymore.
I cannot take this anymore.
Mai.
Why are you crying?
What's happening?
You've been avoiding me
ever since we met Mom.
-Go home. I'm in the midd--
-How can I go home?
You didn't pick up my calls.
I'm your boyfriend.
I have the right to know
what's going on with you.
-What was that at the shop?
-Done with the questions?
I want to know what Mom said to you.
I said I don't want to talk right now.
Just leave.
At least let me know what you want.
I want to break up.
What are you talking about?
Talk to me.
Tell me. Tell me what's wrong.
so I can find a solution.
Don't shut me out.
Okay. Come here.
Here. My father.
A man who loves money.
He owes the gangster
more than $20.000 in gambling debts.
-Mai.
-Take care of that.
And my daughter.
who dropped out of school months ago.
trying to make a living where your mom
is paying her. solve that too.
And then there's me. this old hag.
I have to work as a masseuse
to make a living every day.
Take care of that for me too.
And so?
You wanted to know.
Well. there you go.
You knew fuck all about me.
Enough. Mai.
That's enough.
What? Not used to this?
It's me.
I should've told you. showed you
my true self from the start.
Because I'm uneducated.
There was no one to teach me.
Your mom was right.
You can't do anything without money.
You said you will take care of me.
so how?
How can you when I make
more money than you?
What did you say to Mai?
Who are you raising your voice at?
I'm sorry.
But I want to know what you said to her!
I said what I needed to say.
I know you look down on her.
-I don't.
-It's okay.
But I want to know that.
deep down in your heart.
you know she's a good person. right?
I don't deny that.
She is a very good person
for any man but you.
What are you gonna do for her?
Have you seen her family?
Her dad's neck-deep in debt.
Her daughter's barely educated
and has an undefined gender.
-Don't say that.
-I mean it.
Are you trying to be
the knight in shining armor?
Have a look at yourself!
Do you have a job?
Name your career.
A composer?
A street performer?
You refused to live in a house like this
to live in an apartment
for "life experience."
Have you composed any song?
Have you ever contributed financially?
You can only play the piano.
and in my own restaurant. might I add.
Not a cent to your name
and you want to be Hercules?
All of this is about money?
Maybe money is not important to you.
But without money.
you can't do any damn thing.
To be more specific.
without my money.
you can't do shit.
I've done all of this for you.
No. you did this for you.
If I did it for me.
I would've gotten married long ago.
and I'd only care about my own happiness.
I've spent all these years alone.
and for whom?
I've driven so many people away
out of fear that they wouldn't love
my son. and for whom?
I sacrificed my youth
and worked like a slave.
so my son could live like a prince.
and for whom?
Give me back my youth.
I wish you could.
How? It's too late!
I've never asked you
to give me your youth.
I always wanted you to have
a special someone.
-I've always wanted you to live your…
-You just don't understand.
I never wanted you to live alone.
to suffer everything then turn around
and say that it was all for me.
Oh my God.
You'll always be a worm.
Always.
Do you know why I don't want
to work for you
and move out?
Because in the end. a worm
will turn into a butterfly.
Leave all your bank cards.
then go be a butterfly as you want.
This is your last week's pay.
What?
She called me.
Take this.
Hey!
I know you're upset. but you gotta know
you're my friend. she's my boss.
-If I don't fire you. she'll fire me.
-I know.
-Duong!
-It's okay.
You don't seem to understand me. bro.
Duong!
JOB APPLICATION
You've gotta move next month.
I paid in full.
Yeah. you paid.
But someone else paid fuller.
This unit is paid for for a whole year.
Where are you?
-Goddammit.
-No.
Slow down.
Relax your hand!
-Mom. it hurts!
-Come here. baby!
You'd better do something.
Are you just gonna leave him like that?
Let him be. He chose this.
I'll just think he's a nobody.
-How can you say that?
-Who's next?
I'm in no mood. I quit.
The family is in distress.
Tham. take me outside.
I'll take my leave.
Get some sleep!
Stop texting her.
You're in too deep.
How can you sleep
after drinking coffee at this hour?
Drink some ginger tea.
Give me your leg.
-Stop…
-Come on.
Let me give a masseuse a massage.
I'll move in here tomorrow.
Just let Grandpa be. He won't change.
Don't be sad.
Sorry. sorry.
See the accountant
to get your last paycheck.
What's wrong? is my playing not good?
You're so good
that my customers can't eat.
My restaurant needs some relaxing music.
not a masterpiece meant for an orchestra.
People need to eat!
Now. you're copping an attitude?
It was hard for anyone to maintain
a business after Covid.
Give me a chance to do it longer.
Come in.
You don't have to pay me today. Thanks.
Such a big ego!
Come in.
Hurry up. I have things to do.
Remember. soft and tenderly.
People need to eat.
-Don't play any masterpiece. okay?
-Okay.
Duong!
Don't think too much
about what my mom said.
She wanted to be mean.
so you'd break up with her.
I've been her daughter and her husband
long enough to know this.
She just looks tough on the outside.
while what she really yearns for is love.
I haven't seen her smile for a long time.
The last time she was happy
was when you were around.
Be patient!
Don't give up.
Be her boyfriend.
Back to work now.
Minh!
Do your best!
Mai!
Why do you keep seducing my husband?
There are so many men here.
and you just had to pick my husband?
Tell me what you want. you damn whore!
Have you had a look at your husband
before asking?
How dare you!
I'll slap the shit out of you!
-I'm talking to you. bitch.
-Come on. stop!
-Stop. don't fight here.
-Why are you walking away from me?
Go be a hooker somewhere else.
Ever since you rented the place to her.
the whole place has been in chaos.
Come on. shut up!
It sounds like I have to kick her out.
Is that what you're saying?
If it was me. I'd slap them for sure.
-I wouldn't let it slide.
-Stop!
You've gotta live your life. babe.
The whole building said I'm a hooker.
but I'm not. even though
I absolutely look like one.
Being a woman is already a misfortune.
Try and live this life happily.
You never know
what you'll be in the next life.
I'M GETTING PAID TODAY.
I'M TRYING MY BEST.
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
GIVE ME MORE TIME. MISS YOU.
Mai!
Fuck you. You snitched.
so Tu would fire me?
I don't know what you're saying. I didn't.
It must have been her.
-What's wrong. Trinh?
-Shut up. Fuck off!
Who else could it be?
I don't want to talk to you in this state.
‎Damn you!
How dare you deny it?
You're pretending you didn't do it?
I told you I wanted to beat you up
from the start.
I haven't even touched you.
and you messed with me.
Well. you messed with the wrong person.
How much do they have to pay
for you to open your mouth?
-I know what you do. How much?
-She's a whore for sure.
-She's a sugar baby for sure.
-Just look at her sleek eyebrows.
Can you pretend to be a little worse.
so the rest of us can make a living?
You're only prettier than me.
Do you have a boyfriend?
How dare you seduce my husband!
-I like you.
-Such a whore!
How much do they have to pay
for you to open your mouth?
Fight.
I said I didn't do it.
Why do you keep fighting me?
How dare you hit her!
I've let you live for too long.
Tu!
Mai! What the heck?
Mai! Mai!
Mai! Stop!
I said
I didn't do it.
Why do I have to hurt you?
Who do you think you are?
It's you. You're the one hurting me.
you hear me?
-Mai!
-You hear me?
Why didn't you guys stop them?
What happened to her?
Mai!
This is a business.
not a place where you can fight.
-She's gone insane.
-Shut up.
-She started--
-Shut it.
Explain it in the management office.
I'm sorry.
It's all okay.
It's just a misunderstanding!
Please go ahead!
Tu!
I quit.
-Mai!
It's okay everyone.
Please continue.
Someone. stop Mai!
Mai!
Did you get in a fight?
Are you okay?
What did you
call me here for?
If you don't want to talk.
then let me do the talking first.
A gift.
Why?
Because I want to.
I bought this with my own money.
not my mom's.
Can I put it on for you?
So pretty.
This is for savings.
It's only an ounce.
It's not much.
When I make more money.
I'll give you a tael.
Give me some time.
So because of these things…
you became like that?
You were so happy.
Why do you have to suffer
for a girl like me?
You're stupid. Sau.
No one is wise when in love.
Go.
I'll head out.
Sau!
I don't think you're that stupid.
I meant let's go.
Where?
Anywhere.
To a place where no one knows us.
It doesn't matter
if we're poor and life is hard.
I just want to be in love.
I'm almost 40.
Le Trung Duong!
Do you love me?
Do I need to answer that?
Then promise me.
Don't ever leave me!
I'll try my best!
You scared me!
So what? Hate me!
Where's the ring?
I'll take this. Take me out.
As you wish!
It wasn't me.
It was you.
It was definitely you.
Just admit it.
Just say what you think
and how you feel out loud.
Be brave!
Isn't that too mean. bitch?
How can I ever be as mean as you?
Everyone is evil in your eyes
when you're the true devil yourself.
You let your dog poop in front of people's
houses but get annoyed by everything.
How dare you talk to me like that!
-Do you want me to slap you?
-Do it.
Do it!
-She's so freaking mean.
-Enough!
Boy. are you moving back in?
No one is renting from you.
I'll move out next month.
Don't pretend to be a nice person.
What the heck?
What did I do?
What's with all the noise?
Why are you taking up all the space?
-Move.
-No. you move! Out of my life!
Pervert!
How dare you yell at me!
You wanna fight again?
Why did you yell at my husband?
You're no better than him.
Take a look at yourself.
Stop it.
No one wants your husband.
Why do you have to protect such a man?
Spend that time
on making yourself beautiful instead!
Fantastic speech. girl!
Kill them with your words!
Just be happy!
Mai Thi Ngoc Mai.
I love you!
Le Trung Duong.
allowed!
-Sau…
-Yes?
I wonder what your mom called us here for.
Whatever she says.
we've already made our own decisions.
Right?
You've got me.
How's the food?
There you are.
Come on in.
Have a seat.
-Why are you here?
-Wait and you'll see.
Tham.
-Yes. ma'am?
-Serve the food.
Yes. ma'am.
Wow. a family meeting?
How have you been recently?
Good.
It's steak.
your favorite food. Eat up.
Have some food. Mom.
You probably didn't call me home
just for the steak. right?
Can't I just invite you guys home
for dinner?
So many questions.
We were so close.
I was having so much fun.
then this happened.
We can't even look at each other.
This is nonsense.
It's all my fault.
I've given you so much hope.
and I was the one to take it all away.
It seems like
I'm so selfish.
That's why I want
to give something back to you.
Binh Minh loves to study abroad.
Four years in Switzerland.
That's all I can do.
Take it to ease my mind.
Okay?
You blew my mind.
You should've said it from the beginning.
You know I love you. Mom?
You want this?
I love Mai too. If you separate us…
-She asked me earlier.
-I don't know what to do.
I love you so much. I know you know.
I do too.
I…
Thank you for being so thoughtful.
Thank you for loving me…
and for loving my daughter.
I know you love your child.
I do too.
So may I take care of your child's future…
in exchange for my child's future?
Is that okay?
Please break up.
Okay?
You tricked me?
You didn't say that earlier.
I'm sorry. Mom.
Let's go home.
Let's go. Mom.
Stop right there.
You can't leave like that.
Dao. say something.
We planned this.
I thought when you called me home.
you'd say something more reasonable.
If you called me home to break us up.
I've already told you the answer is no.
It will still be a "no." no matter what.
I tried my best to be nice to you.
Don't force me
to show all the ugly things.
-Go ahead.
-Do you know who Binh Minh's dad is?
You went too far.
Sau!
You think you know her that well?
Bobby!
Investigate her for me.
whatever the cost.
I heard you're
from the same hometown as Mai.
I'll tell you. Don't tell anyone.
When we were younger.
Mai was…
She was a prostitute.
She sold her virginity
and got pregnant with Binh Minh.
Let's go home. Mom.
-Dao!
-Why are you so cruel?
You made this up to insult her just
because you don't want us to be together?
Do you need to stoop this low?
Why did you need to make this up?
Who made it up?
How dare you call your ma a liar?
Bobby. tell him.
What the hell do you know!
He hasn't even said a word.
Watch your damn mouth.
-Tell him to come out.
-Let's go. Mom.
Mai!
Dad!
Sit down.
Tell them. Tell them everything.
I've told them about your past.
I thought Duong should know too.
I think…
this will be good for you two.
She's right.
You two don't have a future together.
Just return him to his family.
so he can have a future as they want.
She promised us a sum of money.
I get some. you get some.
so does Binh Minh.
Then we can do whatever we want.
You can't do anything for him.
other than disrupt his future.
Is my daughter gonna be okay
if we drug her?
What are you worried about?
Might as well make some money.
Then you can take care of your sick wife.
Every girl loses it at some point.
I have no choice.
We were so poor.
I was neck-deep in debt.
Your mom was dying.
You're my daughter.
You ought to sacrifice for our family.
Mai! What's wrong with you?
You're fucking crazy!
I'm sorry.
We can do whatever we want.
Give him back to his family.
so he can have a future.
You're holding him down.
We're not on the same level with him.
He can't do anything for you either.
How can you…
How can you be that bad to me?
I just want what's best for you.
What are you doing?
-How can you sell me twice like that?
-Mom!
-How far is enough?
-Let me go.
-Mom!
-It's what good for you.
-And you…
How can treat me this way?
-How can you hurt my child that much?
-Mom.
I didn't want to.
I tried my best to convince you guys.
Calm down. Look at me. Calm down.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
He told me a long time ago.
It's okay. Mom.
She's old enough. She needs to know.
I've buried it for so long.
and you did what?
You're a father.
and you're a mother.
How can you be so cruel to me?
How can you ask people to love you
when your family is so messy?
And you have the guts to yell at us?
Sau!
Can you see this?
This is all your fault.
-I'm so sorry.
-You don't need to say sorry.
Let's go home. Mom. Let's go.
Let me go.
It's okay. it's okay.
I'm right here.
I'm right here. It's okay.
Mom.
MaMi.
sir.
I don't care what her past is like.
I just want to marry her.
What the heck?
Duong. you're in too deep! You're insane!
Just go home to your family.
I don't need you to.
Are you even thinking straight?
You pick that trash
over your mom?
What is she to you?
Do you really want me to remind you that
she's just a fucking masseuse?
-Enough.
-What's enough?
She dates you. she can date anyone.
She meets hundreds of dudes every day.
Are you out of your mind?
You're treating your mom like that
because of her?
Is she worth it?
What did you tell me?
You said she was hot. that she was easy.
-I said enough.
-You said she was different.
so you approached her
just to have a fuck for fun.
‎-Watch your mouth!
‎-What the hell!
Duong. I'm begging you.
What's happening?
Is that true?
-Bobby!
-I'm your friend.
Asshole!
‎Sau!
-Sau!
-Stop fighting!
Dao. do something.
Oh my gosh! Duong!
Oh my God! Look!
Duong! Look at your mom!
Dao! Wake up!
-Dao!
-Call an ambulance!
You're acting like I'm fucking you over.
How can you refuse your future?
Are you insane?
I told you I have no choice.
I really don't.
I have no way to make money.
I really. really don't.
What can he do for you?
You're making me
the bad guy of this family!
I'm doing what's best for you.
Everyone gets some money.
What are you doing?
Let go of me.
Mai!
Are you fucking crazy?
Mister!
Hey!
Everyone!
Call an ambulance!
Mai.
Can we--
Stop trying to persuade me.
We've talked this over.
I'm done being in love.
I'm tired.
It'd be really selfish of us to keep being
together when your mom is in that state.
You're only 30.
Your life just started.
Don't treat your mother even worse
just because of me.
I've been thinking…
where did we go wrong?
We met at the wrong time.
Mai…
Give me two years.
I promise I'll try my best
in those two years.
When Mom gets better. I'll figure us out.
In those two years.
if you meet someone. then I'll be happy.
But if you don't.
please wait for me.
Please. I'm begging you.
Please!
Okay? Please.
Sau…
Don't be like that.
Just do one thing for me.
Don't wait for me.
Promise me.
If you do. I won't see you again.
It's okay.
Don't cry.
Why am I the one consoling you now?
Come on. don't cry.
Sau…
Do you know what will come
but will never come?
It's tomorrow.
So is my happiness. I think.
I'm leaving now.
Please be at peace.
Thank you…
for loving me.
Please get off here for the spa.
Thank you.
4 YEARS LATER
Good morning!
You're by yourself today?
Has anyone greeted you?
-All is good.
-Please wait a little bit.
Thank you.
Mai. remember you have
a meeting with Mr. The at his homestay.
I know. I changed. see?
-You're so pretty.
-You are too!
-That's a nice new sweater you have on.
-I just got it.
From the market.
Here's your coffee
and some freshly picked flowers.
so pretty. just like you.
Is that so?
This is not working. Let's switch to Bb.
Go ahead.
Hello. how have you been?
I haven't heard anything
about your new job.
It's not bad. The space is cute and cozy.
the pay is good.
and I get to work with my girlfriend.
Hello. Ms. Mom!
-Hello. Jenny.
-How are you?
Why are you always so pretty?
You're pretty too.
Did you get skinnier?
Minh called me fat.
doesn't let me eat much.
Are you crazy. Minh?
Let her eat.
Healthy girls are pretty girls.
You're coming to visit me
on my birthday. right?
We'll visit you for sure.
-I'm off now.
-Bye. Mom.
I'm heading out.
-Thank you. Boss.
-You're very good at your job.
I have many more homestays in Dalat.
Excel on this three-year contract
and I'll give you the rest.
That's a deal!
Here's the contract. Please excuse me.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
See you later.
Mai!
Come on. stop crying.
People are gonna see you.
Still a crybaby?
Come on…
How have you been?
I'm good.
I have a great job.
I… I live here now.
What are you doing here?
Honey!
You don't even wait for me and Mom?
Crying?
Nope.
-Hello.
-Hi.
You are…
I'm Duong's friend. from piano class.
Why are you crying?
Runny nose?
It's not that. It's because…
when I was in class. I was so sick that
he thought I was dead. Turns out
I'm still here. so those are happy tears.
Bravo!
-Vy!
-Yes. Mom.
So many flowers for us to put in the room.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Take it slow. Mom.
How have you been?
And you?
-I'm good.
-You know each other?
You guys are staying here?
We're on vacation
to celebrate our little baby boy.
Congratulations!
You guys talk. I'll take Mom to check in.
Walk slowly.
Take your time to catch up.
Let me take care of Mom.
Enjoy! No need to rush!
Let's go. Mom.
Oh my gosh. she's so pretty
and elegant.
I'll copy her makeup style.
Your wife is so cute!
Yes. she is.
Very carefree.
How are you though?
Are you dating someone?
Of course.
I'm still hot.
Speak of the devil.
Just a moment. please.
What do you think?
Hotter than you?
Nice guy.
-Mai.
-Yes?
-Can we…
-No. no. no.
Being friends? Don't think about it.
You are…
a husband and a father now.
Grow up.
You're too childish sometimes.
I'm so happy for you.
See? No one dies from missing someone.
Be your best.
Join them. I'll head out.
Sau!
Thank you.
For what?
For not waiting for me.
Piano classmate!
Be happy!
-You're not sitting in the back. Boss?
-I'm fine sitting here.
Hold on.
Head inside.
Honey. our room is ready.
Is that Mai's boyfriend?